HRM: Updates for VCF 5.2 (#94)
vmware-samples/validated-solutions-for-cloud-foundation: hrm/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

> ## [v2.2]
> 
> > Release Date: TBD
> 
> Enhancement:
>   - Support for VCF 5.2
>   - Script improvements to handle missing metrics data in Aria Operations
>   - Script performance improvements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## v2.2

> Release Date: TBD

Enhancement:

  - Support for VMware Cloud Foundation 5.2.
  - Script improvements to handle missing metrics data in VMware Aria Operations.
  - Script performance improvements.
```
